Restructured 11 faults (#1588)
harness/developer-hub: docs/chaos-engineering/technical-reference/chaos-faults/aws/lambda-delete-function-concurrency.md

id: lambda-delete-function-concurrency
title: Lambda delete function concurrency
---
## Introduction

Lambda delete function concurrency is an AWS fault that deletes the Lambda function's reserved concurrency, thereby ensuring that the function has adequate unreserved concurrency to run.

![Lambda Delete Function Concurrency](./static/images/lambda-delete-function-concurrency.png)

## Use cases
Lambda delete function concurrency examines the performance of the running Lambda application, if the Lambda function lacks sufficient concurrency.

:::info note
- Kubernetes version 1.17 or later is required to execute this fault.

> - Reserved concurrency should be set on the target Lambda function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reserved concurrency must be set on the target Lambda function.
```

- Lambda function should be up and running.

> - Kubernetes secret should have the AWS access configuration (key) in the `CHAOS_NAMESPACE`. Below is a sample secret file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kubernetes secret must have the AWS access configuration (key) in the `CHAOS_NAMESPACE`. Below is a sample secret file:
```

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: Secret
  metadata:
    name: cloud-secret
  type: Opaque
  stringData:
    cloud_config.yml: |-
      # Add the cloud AWS credentials respectively
      [default]
      aws_access_key_id = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
      aws_secret_access_key = XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  ```

> - We recommend you use the same secret name, that is, `cloud-secret`. Otherwise, you will need to update the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` environment variable in the fault template and you won't be able to use the default health check probes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harness recommends you use the same secret name, that is, `cloud-secret`. Otherwise, you must update the `AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE` environment variable in the fault template, and you won't be able to use the default health check probes. 
```
